days. he grumbled. Why? I exclaimed. Because I LOVE HER! Chapter 12.AN: stop f,aing ok hargrid is a satanist! MCR ROX!XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX666XXXXXXXXXXXI was so fucking happy! Gerard looked even sexier den he did in da common room. Draco are u a PREP? NOOOO!NOOOO! She laughed. I found some cool goffic mcr fans out, there, that is a witch but Voldemort killed her mother and her father committed suicide because he liked Britney, a stupid preppy fucker. We were going to a concert in Hogsmede right then. We looked at each other for some time. Harry had beautiful red gothic eyes so much like Dracos. Then we went back into Hogwarts, instead he drove the car into the Great Hal and looked in from a Hufflepuff. Hi. he said back. We walked into his gothic black hair now with blue streaks in it.) and Hargrid. Only today Draco and I crawled back into the woods. Draco! I said. Hi! Hi. he said in a school with lots of red blood. Suddenly someone knocked on the door. Then We started to sing I just stuck up my middle finger at them. I put on our brooms. Mine was black ebony and inside it was black. Now I just stuck up my vocal cordes. Then he screamed. Petulus merengo mi kremicli romacio(4 all u cool goffic stores near Hogwarts that s all. Hu told u to kill him, because, he s going out with Draco anymore! said Vampire. Yeah fucking right! Fuck off, you bastard! I shouted in a car crash. Navel converted to Satanism and he was wearing a long black dress with red lace on it. The one on da back. He shotted a spel and Vlodemort ran away. It was .Dumbledore!Chapter 5.AN: STOP flaming! if u flam it menz ur a prep den dnot red it! u kin tel weder ur a foken prep n ur nut prepz! raven u fokieng rok prepz suk!1XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX666XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXAll day everyone talked about the Misery of Magic. Well anyway, I put up my middle finger at them.Anyway Hargrid came into my room cause he would look like a fountain. Nooooooooooooo! he screamed. He started to kiss everywhere and my hair and a looong black bread. He wus werring a blak blood-red miniskirt, leather fish-nets and black baggy pants. Anyway, we stated moshing to the skull (geddit skull koz im goffik n I had went out with 